issue #678 support shapely in load collection spatial extent (#682)
Open-EO/openeo-python-client: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Automatically use `load_url` when providing a URL as geometries to `DataCube.aggregate_spatial()`, `DataCube.mask_polygon()`, etc. ([#104](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-python-client/issues/104), [#457](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-python-client/issues/457))

> - Argument `spatial_extent` in `load_collection` supports type `shapely` and loading geometry from a local path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Argument `spatial_extent` in `load_collection` supports Shapely objects and loading GeoJSON from a local path.
```
